Practical Security

I take my personal security and privacy very seriously and have actually had to compromise it a lot for the sake of this course.
I already use Keepass as a cross-platform password manager. I have it set up with a passphrase that I change regularly by rolling a handful of dice, opening whatever book is handy to that page, rolling again, choosing that sentence on the page, rolling again, choosing that word in the sentence, and repeating until I feel like it's long enough. Then I add special characters to it. I also use two factor authentication wherever possible and try to avoid using my phone number for SMS verification whenever possible - I have a Yubikey which I have modified to use with my Dvorak keyboard layout. I have setup SSH keypairs and a GPG keypair which I use with Gitlab, where I store most of my repositories. I don't plan to continue using Github any longer than I have to because I generally avoid using Microsoft, Google, and Amazon products for privacy reasons. I do not have a Google or Amazon account and only suffer through using Windows for this class because otherwise I can't use Zoom (I cannot believe there is no open source alternative to this). I also use Github strictly for this course and plan to migrate everything out to my Gitlab account as soon as it's over.
Besides Github and Zoom, I also am uncomfortable with using Slack as they have no end-to-end crypto as far as I know and they are a private company storing all our conversations somewhere in the ether so who knows what they are doing with our information. I prefer using IRC. Jabber also has end-to-end encryption, though XMPP is kind of a wonky technology. I'm interested in Riot.IM - that looks like another alternative for communicating more securely and privately.
I am also VERY uncomfortable with publishing my security setup in a public Github repository but it's either that or drop out of this class so I don't know. Sigh. You may think it's safe as long as nobody knows the actual passphrases and keys but now the entire world can see exactly what my threat model and vulnerabilities are so they can plan the best way to circumvent that. It may still be difficult but keeping this information private would add an extra layer of security on top of what I'm already doing.
My personal computer runs OpenBSD, which is a UNIX-based OS, and I use open source software whenever possible. My laptop requires non-free firmware to operate the built-in networking card but I have a usb dongle that can access wifi with free firmware.
My husband and I also have our own server, which we use to host our personal websites, our own NextCloud server, and a Jabber server. We have secured our server. We do not use cloud services for anything.
I also spend a lot of time offline, reading books, watching tv and movies (on DVD, since we don't want to subscribe to any DRM services like Netflix), and outside. I usually just carry a dumbphone with me when I'm out and use a tablet at home. I don't want to be one of those people who runs into trees because they can't look up from their phone, and the more time I spend unplugged, the less opportunity people have to track me online.
