# Part 2 - Practical Security

Personally, I play a lot of MMO's, and my work as a part-time video director only requires me to edit a google doc of who worked, and when. I also am a student programmer for Lambda school, and use my email a lot because of it. I had several issues with both when I was younger and immature, I picked short, easy to remember passwords for my games and as a result had precious items taken from me, and my older emails phished, and had them locked from me (thank goodness I was only around 14 and had nothing important).

Over time I learned, and have changed the ways I do things. In terms of my medias storage, everything is stored internal on HDD's blocked off by a lock/ key system with a keypad password required as well. Each person has a specific code, so when they track who punched in what code, we can find out who went into the room. My personal gmail, and my work (video director) email are both protected by long 14-16 character passwords with symbols/ caps/ lower case letters. And have two-step auth on it. As well as a phone number requirement. There is only 1 person that knows the two-step auth/ code, and thats the same person that owns the phone number required as well. The only issue with that is that it is too centralized, and we are currently working to regulate that better. In terms of my MMO's and personal email, I just stick with using very long passwords. As well as for my github. I had an SSH keypair working for my gitbash, but after a windows 10 update, it stopped working (Dammit win 10!). So I have to find something that works.