# Earned Security+ SY0-401 , 12/22/2016
# Score Earned: 823
# Passing Score: 750, Max Score: 900

# Part 1
There are a lot of security vulnerabilities in the current technologically connected world. The reality is that the internet was never intended to be a secure infrastructure, it's inherently insecure from the start. Since the early beginnings of the internet, it became apparent that the need to secure one's computer from malicious individuals was a need; this is how information security started. A malicious individual, if persistent enough, will be able to get into another indivuals computer's if desired; a malicious group (such as state sponosored individuals), which are persisntent, is practically a guarantee that they can target any association (government, public company, private company, etc), or individual. So, an individual should follow information security best practices, but that's no guarantee that it'll protect against malicious individuals or groups. An example of a recent state sponsored attack was from Russia, targeting home routers, which will contact one server initially, then a secondary server (which had the malicious content); this was caught by the FBI, which is good, but this was caught most likely because it targeted a large portion of the population, otherwise it might not have been found.   

The attack surface is a measure of how vulnerable to attack an individual is. For example, Windows is the most vulnerable operating system because malicious individuals know that's the O.S. most popular for individuals and organizations. If they find vulnerabilities with the Windows o.s., than they can use that on a large portion of the population, much more than if they invest the time and resources to finding vulnerabilities to other operating systems such as Linux or Free BSD. Also, Windows has steered towards designing their operating systems towards being more convinient and pleasent for users, but at the same time much easier for hackers; in the past, Windows has tried to make it secure, like linux, but there was uproar by the Windows community (Windows Vista was mocked for it's security); Windows 7 was called "reasonably secured". Linux and FreeBSD works more inline with Windows Vista in terms of security, but because Windows users don't care much, other than convinience, it'll be inherently less secure. FreeBSD takes security the most serious, as they've disalbed multi threading for Intel CPUs, as it's a security risk due to Spectre and Meltdown (sacrificing convinience over security concerns). In modern days, a lot of things are done on the browser, due to rapid advancements in web development, web based applications, that are not operating system specific. A lot of users can now start using an operating system other than Windows with relative ease, in comparison to in the past; although there'll have to bee some learning to be able to do administrative tasks. Because vulnerabilities for browsers don't depend on the operating system of use, there are a lot of malicious users that spend their time and resources to finding vulnerabilities of browsers. Currently, I know that malwarebytes offers a chrome extensions, which protects against malicious websites; extensions from web browsers work for any operating system. So, to protect agains malicious scripts on websites, I recommend the malwarebytes extension, as it's a reputable company, that has won multiple awards for it's security products. For credential management, it's been established that a password manager, which creates a complex, long, and safe password, is the best way to handle credentials; there'll still be one master password, but that'll be created and managed by the user (one password for all credentials). Another way of getting malicious web based scripts to run is through email, when you open a link from a malicious individual; although malwarebytes will most often prevent the script from running or loading the page at all (most likely). It's a bit tricky at times, when an email seems to be from someone that's trusted from the individual, which is an attack called a spear phish attack (meant for that individual). Usually, malicious individuals get enough data from the target individual (such as through social media, forums, any resource they find) to create a convincing email for the target individual to open the email and run the malicious scripts. Spear phishing is usually orchestrated for high ranking individuals in an organization, or individuals within an organization (large group). If only one member of that large group opens the email and runs the script, it could affect the whole department (all of the group members), and will run the scripts the malicious individuals intended (the organization will fail, due to just one individual). So, it's very important to train employees on the security best practices, because if a single individual is not wise enough to ignore a malicious email, than the company will be in trouble. 