A user divulges sensitive information to a company through a web application. 

A simple scenario with limitless applications of threats. The amount of things that can go wrong here are almost limitless; a SQL injection attack to steal or corrupt information from the servers, Cross-Site Scripting to do the same to the users information, a DoS attack to prevent any traffic, Man-in-the-Middle attack to steal or corrupt information, and the list goes on and on. The same goes for who would even want to attack the user or the company. It can range from some prankster who just wanted to mess with said user or company, to any criminal that is trying to use or sabotage the information that is being passed through.

As far as reducing or mitigating any of these problems go, the solutions, just like the problems, come in a wide variety. Setting up key pairs and having to encrypt/decrypt most things will help. Limiting and sanitizing user inputs/privileges will help as well. We want to make sure users are only inputting characters that we want to see and make sure that whatever they input matches what we are looking for. This will limit an attacker in what they can input as well, making it more difficult for them to crack. Limiting privileges will do the same for both user/attackers. Limiting database messages/errors that users can see will limit the information an attacker will be able to use against the system. Some even simpler methods include enforcing HTTPS, making sure everything on the server end is updated and patched, and constant monitoring of systems/health.